what's going on you two it's waving
planes fishbowl coming at you with my
1500 on quick on which just got off work
early today and I'm about to clean it up
a little balls coming leaves falling in
the pond the water hyacinth are dead
because the frost hit them but uh videos
about what I got in the back of the
truck and by the way I got my new truck
all right this is what I got
let me show you forehand I've actually
picked I've picked these up by myself by
my lonesome and let me tell you they're
heavy as hell but this is what I got
today and they're even bigger I don't
know how it did yeah I need to get a
bedliner the truck didn't come to the
bedliner and that's the first thing I'm
gonna get but uh yeah these rocks are
freaking huge and they're gonna go in
the back I don't know if I'm gonna
fiddle around because what I might do is
uh what the hell happened my rows right
there was a rosebush right there and
it's gone but what I'm gonna do arm
there's some roses back here too and
what I might do is I might take them up
and put some rocks here and then build a
waterfall or I don't know something that
will stream down and back into the pond
because next year we're gonna put a
filter on it the partners looking like
crap right now guys cuz I've been
neglecting it and it's fall on the plant
to just dying back I put four more
knockout roses back here one here that
one might come back next year I don't
know I'm in three forces four and this
is the old pond if you guys were
wondering what happens that that's where
I raised my Fri and this stuff is a
bunch of tadpoles in it right now I
don't know if they're gonna make it to
the winner's duckweed it's been hit with
frost and it's still it's still barely
living so I mean once snow hits and
stuff and the water freezes it's gone
but uh that's why you gotta watch out
when you like water hyacinths and water
lettuces they're actually illegal in
places like Florida and stuff because
they just they're invasive if frost
doesn't hit them they're just gonna keep
growing and growing and growing fish are
really lethargic there's one right there
how is another one - I don't think you
guys can see it on camera but
ponds getting handled leaves coming down
as you see guys
trees are looking calm bear yeah so
basically what I'm gonna do today is I'm
going to take those rocks out and put
them around the pond somewhere you know
if I had somebody to do with me it'd be
so much easier but doing it by yourself
it's just a pain and believe it or not
there are rocks over there that are
bigger than that they make those look
kind of small so and I'm not gonna lie I
just I can't do it I'm not that strong
these rocks over there that are bigger
than this they're probably like 5 by 5's
and I just can't lift that and it's just
too heavy and Plus these are iron ore if
you ever lifted iron ore you find out
this little rock right here
that'll no 10 inches by 3 inches you
know doesn't look like it'd be that
heavy but it's probably about 15 20
pounds I mean the stuff is insane but
here's some tips for the winter guys on
when when the water gets cold when it
drops down to like sixty sixty-five you
want to start swishing them over to
wheat germ food when the water
temperature gets around 50 45 you just
got to stop feeding a period guys
because I just can't digest it a lot of
people asking a goldfish survive in the
winter can you koi how deep is your pond
have to be bla bla bla bla bla you gotta
find out what's on your and I cannot
tell you what how deep your pond needs
to be but I can say this if you live in
Canada or Montana somewhere up north you
gotta have at least four four foot deep
around here in Virginia I'm in the
middle of the country you got to have at
least 18 inches if you're a little more
north it's got to get deeper and deeper
and I know places like in Montana and
higher up in Canada they have it like
four foot minimum because the winters
just gonna freeze down actually my pond
is pretty the shallowest part is
right here um I want to say about 18
inches it goes in the back whereas
lilies are in the dead grass it goes
back to like almost three foot deep so
as you progress it it gets deeper when I
first dug this pond I never got around
to it though
what I figured I was gonna do is put the
filter pump down there that way
everything gets
down that way and just gets collected to
the filter so that's what's going on
guys you know what tell you what let's
run in the basement right now and check
out the 125 I got some things going on
[Music]
let's go be kind of dark down here so
you're not gonna really see much anyways
lights aren't on the lights are on my
bed thank you all right
my lights aren't all gonna hit the timer
boom the fish are gonna be really
lethargic literally just hit the timer
on they wasn't supposed to be on right
now there's 125 last night I made you
guys a nice video about jungle Val and
it was probably about I don't know 12
minutes long and I plant the jungle Val
I trimmed back the dead leaves and
everything I talked about it where it's
native to how it turns red etc and then
last night when I was going through the
camera delete no files accident delete
it half for the video so I was like well
might as well delete the other half too
so I mean I already plant the plants I
reek I can't redo that part of the video
cuz I trimmed off dead plant matter and
stuff so that really sucked it was a
good video to really inform is if plants
are doing good guys plants doing good
tanks doing good and LEDs are just
rockin now the reason I had this LED
beam down the luigia is because I found
out that I mean it might just be me but
when luigia first go into your tank I
think it likes a lot of light and I'm
also trying to turn it red because
luigia does turn red in high light but
that's what's going on with the 125 guys
I've got two LEDs on this tank now I
uploaded the other video last night and
that when I had one LED on it I'm gonna
add two more on this side then these two
fives are gonna be here and it'd be pink
plant bulbs supplementing with the 5000k
and it's gonna look really nice that's
what's going on guys showing you the
pond showing you the 125 comment rate
and subscribe tell me what you think
later